[cackles]
My darkness will swallow the
world, just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy
a man-made Devil Fruit Factory
in the kingdom of Dressrosa.
Soon, Luffy becomes
sidetracked by a tournament
with the Flame Flame Fruit
as a prize.
He's registered in
the match for Block C--
a furious battle royale
that is now underway.
You okay, bro?
That... That bastard had the
nerve to call me a shrimp?
Hurry up, Bobby.
Put it on... for me!
[JEAN] You know, heard a
very peculiar tale, Lucy.
A rumor about a pirate
with a 400 million bounty
by the name of Straw Hat Luffy.
Who secretly entered
this competition.
[LUFFY grunting]
[LUFFY] "The Legendary Pirate!
Don Chin Jao!"
[GYATS] The battle of Block C
is reaching its climax!
But which of these
capable contenders
will take home the prize?
Kelly Funk, the assassin
from Mogaro, looks promising!
He seems unstoppable! Just look
at what he did to Boo!
Knocked him out cold!
I see Sai's approaching him now.
Will our second Hasshoken
master fare any better?
Meanwhile, Ideo keeps on
blowing through his opponents
like they're made of glass!
It's gonna take some
serious manpower
to defeat a guy with
punches like that!
Then there's Don Chin Jao,
whose boundless rage makes his
attacks all the more deadly!
And who could forget our most
interesting competitor?
Lucy's been shaking up Block C
ever since he stepped
into the ring!
And right now, he's hot on
the trail of Jean the Bandit!
[LUFFY] Hey! Gimme back my
helmet right now, Cactus Head!
Man, this sucks!
I'll make you pay!
And your grandfather, too!
Back off!
[JEAN] Your grandfather Garp?
Well, how 'bout that!
[COMPETITOR A yelling]
Get away!
Now, where is he? Argh.
Come back here, Straw Hat!
[LUFFY]
I said give it!
[JEAN laughs]
I don't give back what I take!
Why do you think
they call me a Bandit?
[COMPETITORS grunting]
[LUFFY chuckles]
Uh-oh! My beard!
[gasping]
[JEAN]
Is something wrong, Lucy?
Uh! Aw, man!
[JEAN]
Why are you hiding?
Well, 'cause I, uh...!
[JEAN]
Cat got your tongue?
I can only think of one reason
why you'd want to cover
your face like that.
Nice to meet you,
Straw Hat Luffy!
'Sup? I mean, no!
My name's Lucy!
[JEAN]
Hmph. Charitable Donation!
[LUFFY]
Huh? Wait! Where did he go?
Hey! Come back and fight!
[JEAN laughs] To think I
would run into Straw Hat Luffy
at a competition
like this. [laughs]
But I've got an advantage.
This arena's full of weapons
just ripe for the taking.
It's the perfect opportunity
to put my skills to use.
I'll just pick up as
many as I can carry.
He won't stand a chance.
I better find that guy quick.
[COMPETITORS yelping]
[GYATS] What? Don't look now,
ladies and gents,
but the other competitors are
flying all over the place!
What's causing such
a phenomenon?
Kelly Funk is punching
them into oblivion!
Rah-Rah-Rah Rampage!
So Kelly suddenly grew bigger,
and Bobby's gone missing?
This match just
keeps getting crazier!
Now, what's next?
[COMPETITOR N]
I know what I saw,
but I can't make
heads or tails of it!
[KELLY grunting]
[COMPETITOR N] That looks like
Kelly over there,
but I think it's Bobby!
How can that be?
Did Bobby and Kelly become
one and the same somehow?
Jacket-Jacket. Two-in-a-Coat!
Huh? Wh-What the hell?
Hurry and put me on!
[BOBBY grunts]
How are they doin' that?
[COMPETITOR F yells]
[BOBBY] I told you, bro,
I don't want to fight anybody.
Don't be a wimp!
Just stop your whining and
zip me up already, would ya?
We've got work to do here!
[BOBBY gasps]
[KELLY] Bobby's been strong as
hell since the day he was born,
but all that muscle's
wasted on a softie like him!
That's where my power
comes in handy.
When he wears me as his "skin,"
I can take over his body.
Then, I bust out
my fighting skills
and use his brute strength in
ways he don't have the guts to!
[KELLY chuckles]
[BOO grunting, gasps]
[KELLY grunts]
[BOO]
Uh!
Uh... Wh-What are you?
[KELLY] I'm the guy who ate
the Jacket Jacket Fruit.
It lets me take control
of any man or any beast
that puts me on and
wears me like a jacket!
And since Bobby's wearing me,
we're just like the same person!
We're unbeatable now!
All that tells me is that
you're not good enough
to fight on your own!
[chuckles, gasps]
[KELLY] There's still time
to take those words back.
[BOO] What, that you can't
fight on your own? It's true!
[KELLY]
Not that.
I mean, when you
opened up your pie hole
and called me a "shrimp"!
[BOO gasping]
Rah-Rah-Rah Rampage!
[BOO groaning]
[KELLY grunting]
[BOO groans]
How 'bout that? You think
I'm a shrimp now, buddy?
[COMPETITOR N] H-He really
made quick work of him!
[KELLY grunting]
[laughs] That was too easy!
[SAI]
Hey...
Huh? Ah, so you must be
the other brother
from the Kano Kingdom.
Bad news, pal,
your little bro here
didn't put up much of a fight.
Bobby and I make a
pretty good living
working together as assassins.
But you... What a pity.
You can't even protect
each other!
You beat him because
he didn't train enough.
Ooh, that's harsh.
Especially since you're about
to get your ass handed to you.
[SAI growls]
Rah-Rah-Rah Rampage!
[KELLY grunting]
Is this supposed to be the great
Kano Kingdom martial art?
Don't make me laugh!
Aww, what's the matter?
Can't talk 'cause you're
sad about your brother?
No, I gave up any emotional
attachment to my brother
the moment I became a student
of the Eight-Impact Fist!
[SAI]
That said...
[gasps]
[SAI] Upon my honor as the
13th leader of the proud
Happosui Army, I swear...
I will avenge my
fallen subordinate!
[SAI yells]
[SAI grunting]
[GYATS]
That... was... such... a thrill!
[CROWD cheering]
Hell, yeah! Woo!
[GYATS] The Eight-Impact Fist
claims its victim!
I can see why Sai's the chief!
And just when it looked
like no one would beat
that monster Kelly Funk!
[SAI] Until we accomplish our
mission, I won't falter,
and I won't let anyone
stand in my way.
[LUFFY]
Jeez, where did that guy go?
[SAI]
Hm?
[IDEO]
Well, I'm convinced.
You're clearly the strongest
fighter in this block.
Oh, don't give me that.
What can you possibly gain
from praising your enemy?
[IDEO] I was hoping
I'd have a chance to face
an impressive foe like yourself.
That so?
Because after I've defeated you,
then I will have reached
the top of the pile!
Shut your mouth!
[IDEO grunts]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE B]
Surrender!
Hold on tight, Momo,
we're gonna make it!
[GIOLLA laughs]
[GIOLLA] It's more elegant
to give up now, Straw Hats!
There's nothing artful about
fighting a losing battle!
I used my Art Art power to
turn your dowdy little ship
into an explosion
of shapes and colors!
As beautiful as it
may be to look at,
you obviously can't use it
to escape from Dressrosa now,
and you certainly can't
get away without it, either!
So stop this foolishness
and hand over Momonosuke!
"Get away"?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE B]
Hey, where'd the others go?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A] Yeah,
the dead guy and the raccoon!
What the--?
[CHOPPER]
Over here, jerks!
[BOTH gasp]
[BROOK laughs]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A] Where
the heck did you come from?
Goodbye!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE B]
Hey, the Wano kid's gone!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A]
And the girl, too!
Goodness me!
Well, aren't those ugly...
Look at the sky!
What's up there?
Why is it cloudy?
[NAMI]
Thunderbreed Tempo!
[screams]
I can't believe you
would stoop this low!
I've lost my submarine
and my subordinates!
Hate to break it to you,
but no matter how bad
the situation gets,
we'd never abandon the Sunny!
Let's take it back, you two!
[CHOPPER]
Yeah!
Oh my, Nami, you sound so cool!
Well, what are you
waiting for? Go get her!
[BOTH]
Huh?!
You're making us fight her?
But what do you expect me to do
with this limp noodle body?
It's hopeless!
Help! Luffy!
[LUFFY]
Dude, how is this a fair fight?
[LUFFY] Where'd that big ball
of metal come from?!
[GYATS]
I don't believe it!
He's collected weapons from
all over the Colosseum!
Our infamous bandit certainly
has pilfered quite the arsenal,
but can he steal victory
from the pockets of Lucy?
[JEAN] Nowhere to run
and nowhere to hide,
Straw Hat Luffy.
[LUFFY] Not much I can do
if he's got me figured out.
But I still want my helmet back!
[JEAN]
Charitable Donation!
[COMPETITORS yelp]
[COMPETITOR G sighs]
[LUFFY grunts]
[JEAN] You've made me
quite a wealthy man
over the past two
years, you know!
[LUFFY]
Huh? I have?
[JEAN] That's right,
I've made a fortune
nabbing all the prisoners you
set free from Impel Down!
And I'm not giving up till
I've got the rest of you, too!
"The Genius Jester" Buggy!
"First Son of the Sea" Jimbei!
Sir Crocodile!
The Miracle Maker, Ivankov!
Shiryu of the Rain!
I'll be a hero for
hunting all of you down!
[LUFFY] Oh yeah, I wonder
how those guys are doin'.
[JEAN]
And it's not just you.
There are even more
escapees from Level 6.
Ones the public
doesn't even know about.
[LUFFY]
From Level 6?
[JEAN] Right, and I know
just where to find them!
[LUFFY] Guess some of the
others made it out, too.
[JEAN]
Damn it! Hold still!
[JEAN grunting]
[JEAN yelling]
[LUFFY]
Huh?
[JEAN]
Uh, whoops...
[LUFFY]
Gimme that.
[JEAN gasps]
How dare you?!
That hurts, you fool!
[GYATS]
He-- He's out of the ring!
Jean the Bandit has just been
defeated with a single blow!
Boy, I'd hate to be on the
receiving end of a headbutt
from the legendary
pirate Don Chin Jao!
He's still got it!
[CHIN JAO grunts]
[JEAN whimpers]
And all the while,
two other tough competitors
have been locked in
their own deadly battle!
[IDEO grunting]
[yells]
[SAI grunts]
[BOTH grunt]
[GYATS]
This is an excellent matchup!
[SAI grunts]
[yells]
[BOTH grunting]
[COMPETITORS scream]
[GYATS] Ah! It's a life-or-death
struggle between two
of the fiercest fighters
ever to grace this stage!
They've mowed down
every competitor
that stood in their way,
all in preparation
for this struggle!
This is the true test
of their skill!
--[MAN A] Yeah!
--[MAN B] Take him down!
[GYATS] The crowd's going
wild with excitement!
[MAN C]
Go!
[MEN]
Yeah!
[WOMEN]
Ideo!
[MEN]
Sai!
[GYATS]
Everyone in the colosseum's
got their eyes glued
to this one fight!
Whoa, I guess this is
a pretty big deal.
[CHIN JAO]
There's nowhere left to run!
[LUFFY]
Hm?
[CHIN JAO] You will answer for
what your grandfather did,
Straw Hat Luffy.
I'll make certain of that!
Thanks to that bastard,
I lost my entire fortune
and everything that
I once I held dear!
My power, even my most
precious memories
from the years of my youth!
I told you to take it up
with my grandpa, not me!
Death is much too
lenient a punishment
for all the suffering Garp
has made me endure!
I'll show him what it means
to live with loss.
That's a fate worse than death!
Now, surrender!
Why couldn't I have been
assigned to Block C?
I should be down there!
I'm supposed to kill
Straw Hat Luffy!
[CHIN JAO growls]
If we have to...
[LUFFY]
...then let's go.
[CHIN JAO growls]
Now... Second Gear!
[CHIN JAO grunting]
[CAVENDISH gasping]
I have to win this thing,
no matter what,
and to do that, I have
to get through this guy.
The Flame Flame Fruit
is coming with me!
I'm getting my revenge
right here and now!
[CROWD cheering]
Outta the way!
Move aside!
[CROWD gasping]
[LUFFY yelling]
[CHIN JAO grunting]
[yells]
[LUFFY yells]
[CHIN JAO yelling]
[CHIN JAO, LUFFY grunting]
[CHIN JAO grunting]
[LUFFY grunting]
[BOTH grunting]
[DIAMANTE]
A clash of Conqueror's Haki.
This is what it means
to be a true King.
[BOTH gasp]
What? Block C...
[CHIN JAO growls]
[GYATS]
...is down to two competitors!
[NARRATOR] The Corrida Colosseum
roars with excitement
as the battle between Luffy and
Chin Jao is nearing its climax.
Meanwhile, Franky and
the one-legged soldier
are drawing ever closer to
uncovering the profound darkness
that hides behind Dressrosa's
cheerful exterior.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Light and Shadow!
Darkness Behind Dressrosa!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!